with computer animation yes that is
is what was incredible all through your
that started with
with toys raw your best friend
I will always be there
yes then many people imagine that you
is going to do one also finds x and I found crazy
it immediately great
I thought it was really great
you can have an old room
grays of ash treasure
which I directed in toy story huh
Bully and who would call until then went
we had to get over it again
once had a hard time
shakespeare with you because you have to
honors him
synchronous and Indian quality
have the right emotion
yes and that was often difficult for me
well i always had a term of which
a lot like actors and actresses me
I always said
do I buy for them with I did not come or
I said believe I must not believe you yet
once
and that I sometimes have one
another famous green actor
glass of beer like that
thank goodness was a big piece of glass
my studio and that I would take another
time park
all cowboy's birthday is today
come on guys the coast is what safe
might also be important to
say a lot of people don't
realize that the dubbing
actor
many difficulties with that one
canoes actors
that Mr. Tom Hanks being asked
say for a radio play okay post or
two re-operation playtime
was a longshot in a chubby misfire
problem is already so yes it there
getting plaid again to
miami and that says a few sentences three
in a different tone that she told him
to have
and so becomes his entire script with
his dialogue is recorded then becomes pietje
PUK absorbed than he is me wife
taken to be the best texts
compiled by the director
well those texts that have zero voices
takes a little longer an actor working
to do that down his day I think
maybe three boring stable sherry
campo stand star school grab you know
what to do
jester armin
you could be your goal bradley guideline
charlie xcube
your migraine loege yes then comes the
text recorded by tongbrekers
that must be bursting with ash treasure here
now they do sand
go set up reconnaissance post below
alarm phase red
you know what to do yes sir
well you have heard alarm phase
red this is the alarm phase red
Charlie attack plan ah but
the man who claims to be American
so it's much harder and acting
also pay attention that you are in sync with
because that other the whore that other
actors fail to pay attention to that forgive
wonder of the world